Update tidb-cloud-release-notes.md (#20571)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

    
    For more information, see [Overview of TiDB Node Group](/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-overview.md).

> - Supports storing database audit log files in TiDB Cloud for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters deployed on AWS. TiDB Cloud supports the ability to download audit log files. Currently, customers need to apply for this feature before they can use it.
> 
>     For more information, see [Database Audit Logging](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-auditing.md).
> 
> - Improved the management mechanism of TiDB Cloud Account MFA authentication to enhance account security. This function is designed for logging into TiDB Cloud based on a password.
> 
>     For more information, see [Password Authentication](tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-password-authentication.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support storing database audit log files in TiDB Cloud for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters deployed on AWS.

    You can download these audit log files directly from TiDB Cloud. Note that this feature is only available upon request.

    For more information, see [Database Audit Logging](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-auditing.md).

- Enhance TiDB Cloud account security by improving the management of multi-factor authentication (MFA). This feature applies to password-based logins for TiDB Cloud.

    For more information, see [Password Authentication](tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-password-authentication.md).
```

    
    For more information, see [Overview of TiDB Node Group](/tidb-cloud/tidb-node-group-overview.md).

- Support storing database audit log files in TiDB Cloud for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters deployed on AWS.

    You can download these audit log files directly from TiDB Cloud. Note that this feature is only available upon request.

    For more information, see [Database Audit Logging](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-auditing.md).

- Enhance TiDB Cloud account security by improving the management of multi-factor authentication (MFA). This feature applies to password-based logins for TiDB Cloud.

>     For more information, see [Password Authentication](tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-password-authentication.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, see [Password Authentication](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-password-authentication.md).
```
